docs: add customization for slack (#2901)
kubeshop/testkube: docs/docs/7-integrations/slack-integration.md

![img.gif](../img/add-testkube-bot-to-workspace.gif)

## **Configure Testkube to Use the Slack bot Token**

Populate slackToken in the Helm values file, then install Testkube using Helm install, see [Manual Testkube Helm Charts Installation](../1-installing.md) for more information.

> ## **Adjust slack config file**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## **Adjust Slack Config File**
```

> ## **Adjust slack config file**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## **Adjust Slack Config File**
```

By default the configuration [/charts/testkube-api/slack-config.json](https://github.com/kubeshop/helm-charts/blob/704c71fa3b8f0138f983ea9a2fa598ecbe3868ae/charts/testkube-api/slack-config.json) looks like bellow, it will send notification for all events and all test or testsuite names with any labels.

> If channel is left empty it will send to the first channel that testkube bot is member of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the channel is left empty, it will send to the first channel that Testkube bot is member of.
```

        "end-test-success",
        "end-test-failed",
        "end-test-aborted",
        "end-test-timeout",
        "start-testsuite",
        "end-testsuite-success",
        "end-testsuite-failed",
        "end-testsuite-aborted",
        "end-testsuite-timeout"
      ]
    }
  ]
```
e.g.

```json
[
    {
      "ChannelID": "C01234567",
      "selector": {"label1":"value1"},
      "testName": ["sanity", "testName2"],
      "testSuiteName": ["test-suite1", "test-suite2"],
      "events": [
        "end-test-failed",
        "end-test-timeout",
        "end-testsuite-failed",
        "end-testsuite-timeout"
      ]
    },
    {
      "ChannelID": "C07654342",
      "selector": {"label3":"value4"},
      "testName": ["integration-test1", "integration-test2"],
      "testSuiteName": ["integration-test-suite1", "integration-test-suite2"],
      "events": [
        "start-test",
        "end-test-success",
        "end-test-failed",
        "end-test-aborted",
        "end-test-timeout",
        "start-testsuite",
        "end-testsuite-success",
        "end-testsuite-failed",
        "end-testsuite-aborted",
        "end-testsuite-timeout"
      ]
    },
]
```

> It will send notifications to channel with id `C01234567` for the test and test suites with labels `label1:value1`, tests "sanity", "testName2" and test suites "test-suite1", "test-suite2" on events "end-test-failed", "end-test-timeout", "end-testsuite-failed", "end-testsuite-timeout" and to channel with id `C07654342` for test with labels `label3:value4`, tests "integration-test1", "integration-test2" and test suites "integration-test-suite1", "integration-test-suite2" on all events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will send notifications to the channel with the id `C01234567` for the test and test suites with labels `label1:value1`, tests "sanity", "testName2" and test suites "test-suite1", "test-suite2" on events "end-test-failed", "end-test-timeout", "end-testsuite-failed", "end-testsuite-timeout" and to the channel with the id `C07654342` for test with labels `label3:value4`, tests "integration-test1", "integration-test2" and test suites "integration-test-suite1", "integration-test-suite2" on all events.
```

> ## **Configure message template**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## **Configure Message Template**
```

> The default message is [/charts/testkube-api/slack-template.json](https://github.com/kubeshop/helm-charts/blob/311ff9f6fc38dfb5196b91a6f63ee7d3f59f7f4b/charts/testkube-api/slack-template.json) and is written using [Slack block kit builder](https://app.slack.com/block-kit-builder) and golang templates, it can be used to customize it depending on the needs and teh following structure is referenced in the template from where template is getting the data to show

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default message is [/charts/testkube-api/slack-template.json](https://github.com/kubeshop/helm-charts/blob/311ff9f6fc38dfb5196b91a6f63ee7d3f59f7f4b/charts/testkube-api/slack-template.json) and is written using [Slack block kit builder](https://app.slack.com/block-kit-builder) and Golang templates, you can customize it depending on your needs. The following structure is referenced in the template where it is getting the data to show:
```

```go
type MessageArgs struct {
	ExecutionName string
	EventType     string
	Namespace     string
	Labels        string
	TestName      string
	TestType      string
	Status        string
	FailedSteps   int
	TotalSteps    int
	StartTime     string
	EndTime       string
	Duration      string
}
```

> ## **Add the Testkube bot to a Channel**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## **Add the Testkube Bot to a Channel**
```

> If the goal is to recieve all the notifications in one channel, add testkube bot to the channel and leave `ChannelID` field empty in the `slack-config.json` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the goal is to receive all the notifications in one channel, add the Testkube bot to the channel and leave the `ChannelID` field empty in the `slack-config.json` file.
```
